# CaseStudy-II Phase I

## INTRODUCTION
The project is aimed at building a Gating web service to help Developers write clean code. Given a source code repository, the web service calculates Cyclomatic complexities, Code Coverage, Duplication, Number of warnings and Security Flaws using respective tools. The Service generates a detailed report of the checks performed against the source code, compares with thresholds for above quality parameters and gives a final "Go" or "No go" decision. Each tool can be run individually as a service or all at once. The results of each run are saved in csv file.


## USAGE



## TOOLS & SERVICES

* CyvisService: Uses the tool [CyVis](http://cyvis.sourceforge.net/cyvis_command_interface.html). It Computes cyclomatic complexity of each method/function in the source code, generates a report and returns the maximum cyclomatic complexity.
* JacocoService: Uses the too [JaCoCo](https://www.jacoco.org/jacoco/trunk/index.html). It calculates the code coverage for the source code.
* PMDService: Uses the tool [PMD](https://pmd.github.io/). It is a source code analyzer. It checks for the warnings in the source code and returns number of warnings.
* SimianService: Uses the tool [Simian](https://www.harukizaemon.com/simian/). It checks for Duplication in source code. The service returns integer, denoting the percentage of duplication found.
* VCGService: Uses the tool [VCG](https://sourceforge.net/projects/visualcodegrepp/). It Checks for potrntial security flawa within the source code. Returns integer indicating the number of security flaws detected.
* GatingService: It receives the results generated by above mentioned services. It Compare the result values with Threshold values & previous run result values. If result values are better than both Threshold and previous values, the code is "Good to GO" and the previous run result values are updated with result values.
* ProcessUtility: Services using a tool invokes this service to create a Process for running the tool in command line.
* ThresholdConfigService: It lets the user to configure the threshold for GatingService as per the requirement.

## DIRECTORY STRUCTURE






# Directory Structure
- StaticCodeAnalysisSummarizer - main java project
- reports - The reports generated by different tools are stored here
- static-code-analyzers - the binaries of different code analyzers are stored here

# Usage
- To use the summarizer the project to be analyzed should be specified 
- Different options for output format and running the commands can be also be specified in map 

# Addition of new static code analyzers
- The binaries for the code analyzers are stored in static-code-analyzers and the path to those should be added while using them
- New tools can be easily added to the project by extending from StaticCodeAnalyzer abstract clas
